
visionary leadership
excellent operational management
taps instructors' strengths
open minded
explores new directions
encourages professional growth
interaction with him is always stimulating
ensures operational details run smoothly and efficiently

improve significantly
vision
energy
always looking for innovative ways of improving the program and goes to great length to keep his technical skills up to date in addition to his leadership and management skills. The result is that the program and the courses he chooses are structured and designed in the most effective way and it is proven by the steady increase in program enrollment


detail-oriented
thorough
strong leader
excellent team person
great asset
enjoyable


excellent leadership qualities
innovative project management style
rare managers who also naturally serves as an
inspiring mentor
diverse background
strong interpersonal skills
unique capacity for empathy

. For example, these qualities most notably translate in his ability to motivate a team to care about its project and be invested in the project’s success. Mark always had an efficient strategy lined up for effective project management. He was excellent not only in communicating his ideas to the rest of his team, but also paying active listening, mentoring and coaching. I would highly recommend Mark for any high-level managerial position as he has established an outstanding rapport to be an excellent leader.


Working with Mark was a pleasure as he exemplified what it meant to work in a truly collaborative nature. He was very easy to work with and was open and receptive to all ideas that were presented and I believe that his collaborative spirit contributed to what will be a highly successful program.less
July 19, 2013, Chris worked directly with Mark at University of Calgary
Joe Cygman
Joe Cygman
Senior Programmer at Prodigy Data Systems
I've had the pleasure and privilege of working with Mark since 2008, when he hired me to teach in the Continuing Education ICT program at the University of Calgary.

Not only is Mark an exceptional hands-on manager, he is also quite adept in the technical side of things. Because of those two reasons, Mark completely understands the issues his instructors face in the labs and with the broad range of software being delivered in his ICT programs.

Due to his knowledge of visual design principles and other software development technologies and concepts, Mark relates to his instructors at their level, and he understands the ICT program's overall direction very well.

Mark does not impose arbitrary rules and procedures on how a course should be delivered. He allows his instructors the freedom to do what they do best: design and deliver a course to the best of their abilities and to the maximum benefit of the students.

Because of all the above reasons, and because of Mark's good nature, I look forward to working with him for many more years.

Joe Cygmanless
March 21, 2013, Joe was with another company when working with Mark at University of Calgary
Esther Huang
Esther Huang
Teacher
Mark is a good manager. He thinks about program objectives for the future on a big picture level. When issues come up at work, he is quick to respond and assess the problem. Mark is clear and direct. He doesn't try to evade an issue or rationalize it. He identifies the problem and deals with it without over-reacting. He has a good common sense approach, which is excellent when dealing with school age programs. Sometimes, I think that there is too much over-thinking and over-idealization when it comes to Education. Mark would be a good school principal. He gives good leadership to the U of C summer youth programs! He has a strong background with technology and teaching children.less
March 19, 2013, Esther reported to Mark at University of Calgary
Vahid Garousi
Vahid Garousi
Associate Professor of Software Engineering, and Senior Software Consultant
I have worked with Mark since 2008. Mark has been doing great job in developing new IT courses and certificates, those that are hot and in demand in the market. I believe Mark has a great capability in his role. I am looking forward to working with Mark on continuously offering exciting IT and software engineering courses to the Calgary’s software community.
June 1, 2011, Vahid worked indirectly for Mark at University of Calgary
Jade Dekok
Jade Dekok
I love my job! And I'll help you love yours.
Mark leads business growth and new market development using informed environmental scanning and in-depth analysis resulting in introducing cutting edge and timely programs to clients. He holds his team to the highest standard of customer service and detail delivery and provides professional coaching to develop each member.
April 27, 2011, Jade worked directly with Mark at University of Calgary
Learning and Development Lead (Contract)
DeVry University
Monika Czehak
Monika Czehak
Innovative Marketing Professional
Mark represented the Canadian constituents for a U.S. based project team that I headed.He was also an internal client for marketing and communications in Canada. I thoroughly enjoyed working with Mark. He is intelligent, hard working and conscientious. He is an "ideas" person. However, he also knows how to bring his ideas to fruition. He is adept at both strategy and tactics -- and is highly technically savvy. Mark has strong people skills and is a team player. I would recommend him in any senior-level marketing role.less
April 11, 2011, Monika managed Mark indirectly at DeVry University